Working until 5 then class from 6-9 the life of a college student 
Ok to sleep I go. Can't wait to not feel like I've run 50 miles uphill.  TWUGS TWUGS TWUGS TWUGS TWUGS TWUGS TWUGS TWUGS TWUGS TWUGS
the baby refuse all the food i ate today 
Vitamin D therapy for hangover  http://twitpic.com/3lizz
@sampan22 Haha...ooh it was gorgeous wasn't it!! And a whole weekend more to follow!! Ouch...i had blisters from my shoes yesterday 
@tarapark don't make fun of me! when you drink that much in like an hour? I hurt 
am at work all alone  cranking sounds
it's sunday nite &amp; i'm having 'mad men' withdrawal. guess i'll have to settle for reruns. 
"@jedstur yes we can be matey, sad news about ruski  *hugs jed*"
@azndiva yes he's the one I twitpic about.  he's been gone since last night. I know not that long but he's never away from us like that.
@LaurenMacintosh it never happens 
@aiimee_x hellen 
Air France Flight 447=scary + sad 
@d0llars U DONT HAVE ENOUGH TO SHARRE?? 
"I hate shots, I've got a killer headache "
At a BMW dealership...bad idea. The M5 is fly...too fly for my budget. 
"@mamaphan @slhamilton i'm not on my computer, so i can't contribute to the sexy pictures.  i will later, this is fun!"
@yuntraining it was all over the net.  Sad 
@sopho_suave I only know of MacArthur getting the sack coming up because Addison said so... 
@madwebskills Missed it 
My Birthday is officially over! 
"I want new HyperDunkssss!  Still the best basketball shoe, ever. "
wanting to laugh with @seattlebelle003 @ashleym621 and @tinalynn6_88 
"And to make it worse, grease 2 is starting now. i hate this movie "
haven't seen @triishh all day 
@DrewCommins how often do you plug your Kindle in? My Gen1 has horrid battery life. 
@Therealkiss Have fun...wish I knew you were coming!!! 
Is feeling really bad that I hurt a friends feelings and didn't even know it and now I dont know what to do to make it up 
@capistrano99 why can't i twitter on my blackerry? 
"Watching soccer although isn't the finale I wanted, its been a while since I tasted a really good nachos, this aren't  good enough "
@frankiecantu I don't even know what I did he just started being mean 
This too shall pass..... Or at least I hope so.... 
I try to speak and nobody listens to me I try to scream and nobody hears me... I am caught in a trap of glass... I have become invisible? 
@celly94  ily even though ur mean
Oh no my English exam is tomorrow 
I have soooooo much work to do!!! 
is sad that my unplanned 3 day weekend is over 
No chance of a champion being crowned by Dads day http://tinyurl.com/kqdxla I was hoping to watch some golf today. 
@babygirl515199 No more now and laters. 
watchin click on iplayer and gettin ready for exams 
i want short nails!! fucking gel shit that cant be removed. 
@feliixrodriguez Oh gosh that sucks!  I guess I shouldn't complain about a tiny bit of sort of hot weather haha. :p
i'm getting a high temperature again. 
way too tired but can't sleep. feeling sick 
MVP!!! I so luv that man! I miss Ken so hard tonight 
Guys are confusing. 
"Stuck in Phoenix, Arizona until the gods of flight deem me worthy enough to leave this place. I don't even think there's free internet "
@briantweaver Bob Moores. 
Its Daddy day and I'm working and not being wif my daddy 
"@kelseann @charlieunger hey imma gunna head to bed  im pooped chuck get some work done ck, i'll tty tommorow"
desperately trying to find outwhen my train leaves tomorrow! this is no good i always loose things  x
@faisalkapadia  I'm gonna stop talking about Mumbeee. Unlucky I am.
@c00lm4n22 I don't speak German 
I didn't get into the ELDP Program.  
"have to do my homework, but I don't like... "
"Pēc 10 min,man JJ,viņam JQ off suit,mēs all in.Viņš uzvar ar straight (ten to ace) Sadface for me "
@mmmarly What's this timbaktu thing huh? How come I don't know?! 
@KrisColvin You're absolutely right.  Google never forgets -- so no one else can either. Especially exes. 
Watching &quot;Fun with Dick and Jane.&quot; It would be funny if it wasn't happening to people around America everyday 
ah hospital in 7.5 hours. 
@harriet75 aww sorry your having a bad day   what's matter ? if you don't mind me asking
"@JennyJames89 thanks hun, I know  and it isn't even the first time she did it... she's definitely not a friend anymore.."
has spent ages listening to the a boring samsung presentation 
@cyberbuff Nope I have not yet got it 
"@selkieskin Oh, I *hate* that! Once it's swollen, it's like impossible to quit biting it. "
We miss us some Jim!!! 
Just heard that my Neighbour who I saw being taken in the ambulance died yesterday 
@Ashkayk I saw! Can't see it!  I'll be working all day! Sadness! ;) I will catch it as soon as I walk through the door at home! ;)
i have a.d.d. so bad. i can't pay attention to the movie at aaaaaaaaall. 
i miss everyone. i better have 100 text messages on my break tomorrow at work. im heading to bed cause i work 11am til 7pm tomorrow. LAME 
@davidhastopee poor buddy! 
Cap'ns making fun of my story.  -Steffy-
"ok, so, I just realized I have a crap ton of stuff to do today "
"Ugh, finals week + financial woes = epic sleep and happiness fail. "
tired already and it's only monday 
SHIT! Songs of praise is on  I missed the beginning. Damn I love that show.
is wondering what happened to all those froggies at the potato farm! 
I miss you. I miss how close we used to be. 
Omfg. Desperate housewives was sooo sad. I never realized how much edie was a part of the show. Now she's gone!! 
i wanna be here for the 4th 
@TalkBackWCPO wrong...  I'm still a coke and drp person besides even generic is 80 cents a 2 liter now   they keep creepin up
"@pbandjcreations Ya, well she didn't make all american this year so she's not happy. She is very disappointed. "
"@Wolfgang_ yeah really nice, too many people though "
i am sooooo full i swear i am never eating again! 
Devil's Drop Classic Barossa Dry White #wine - FAIL! The Devil peed in the bottle..... it was #free. So sorry but that is my opinion 
@1ChicMommy US Airways again?? Oh no... 
Glad to be home from 4 days in the hospital but now I have surgery scheduled in 10 days 
my socks are still wet from getting to work this morning...it's been over 7 hours.    i don't like wet socks.
"i wanna curl my hair, but i dont know how "
&quot;Just&quot; is one of those words I try to cut out of my sentences whenever I can. Also-- Me: 0   Morning: 1 
@tcherryx  i just burnt my pancakes cuz i was tweeting anf i am out of batter mix 
if the Bachelorette is so lame what the heck am I doing watching it? 
@ddlovato You're great Demi.  My only regret is that I am out of town when you come to Orlando 
@thedanyoung are you guys doing a pre show in denver? 
"@bethfinan_x I know beth, totally not happy  x"
I think I've gotten 6 hours of sleep the past 3 nights(:... 
@zarias I've never been on a plane with wifi 
@andrewpycroft i know im saving up for speakers  i can still hear the bass though and it's all out of time and ahh i can't listen to it :p
@alexxme LOL now you see it! hahahah. isn't it so sad?! they found two bodies today... tragic 
need to restrict runs now.. too hell with wickets  should not be more then 100 at most .. #PakCricket
"aw man, my tummy's growling so much that i can't even hear myself speak. "
just watched seven pounds on dvd and i'm crying 
My twitter has been down for about 3 hours  sad day
It's raining again... I hate winter 
@taylorswift13 I agree with @taylor_ainsley !!! I had to be at my first day of work that day  They're all gone!!!
"@mileycyrus   u know what, ur music is such an inspiration 2 other peeps that when they're feeling down u cheer them up. i just wish i"
"@JackiPati poor baby....and mommy, I hope he is feeling better soon. "
@cjsj79 it sunny?  can't tell in my little old office 
20 miles in... but my gears are busted for the moment 
I should clean my room... 
ugh. gross. i hate being sick. 
Called off work.   no sick time= no pay
@ddlovato ouuu demi....sorry!  i feel so bad ...but ill pray for you
"@neilhimself I thought it was just me! Agreed, it makes it harder to know what people are responding to now. "
Don't understand how I can be so sensitive after so many years of exposure - all the multimedia exhibits almost made me lose my cookies 
Pulled me neck at the gym Ouch!!!   
@maademen Crap its not on for meh 
ANYONE HAVE MTV ? I NEED TO WATCH MTV MOVIE AWARDS 
My hand is not raised 
Off work for the day.. it was a good one. Relaxing with a good book in the shade. I think my pug has a chest cold.. sounds asthmatic 
"@amymarie1001 Mmmm, coffee...I had to skip mine this morning cuz I was running late "
@siriuslyheather 
"@panacea81 I can't see your Lady Gaga video, it says it's private "
don't u think it's time to put the free-masons out of power? They protected the corrupt ones They sent us into Poverty! Fuck the masons! 
@yoitbeseb I tried! 
@rarararah stalk the whole team! hurhur! I study history till I wanna cry too 
snap. forgot it was maintenance day  blerg!
no body told me there was a pool party at my house today. 
I blew it again at work today.  Sent out an email that was condescending.    I did follow it up at the end of the day with an apology
bow wow.. my head is bursting now 
@KAC75 I am happy you had a blast.  Sorry I couldn't make it  I owe you drinks
@mazza16 why not just block Unkle Dick? I think he rocks meself .. now he`s gone forever  *sadface*
@ALOliver Not really. Just the peaceful coupla days are ended  I'd say Sprog is knackered - did they just stay up all night?
"Needs a book for his portfolio, but they're mad expensive "
Too many things on my mind...  can't sleep. Have to work tomorrow..
Please no work... 
@nicksantino OMG i just saw you play if only they knew live on youtube PLEASE COME TO ENGLAND IVE WAITED 3 YEARS  xxxxxx
@mobilesurfer Sorry  I should have invited you down!
CRYING CUZ PEOPLE WONT FOLLOW ME!!!!!!! 
math exam tommorow   
Headed out of town for a few days. Will miss my girls 
I burnt my lip on a spoon that was sitting in hot marinade. 
@shaeee aww im sorry to hear that  Well im sure you can do wayyy better than his ass! ; )
@nklogan why in the world does your heart hurt???? 
I can't believe classes got suspended again. Nothing's gonna be left of our vacation.  I rarely say this... I want to go to school!
@oneandonlyaftan: I think I made too much. That's why I have so much to drink. 
@EMbracex3 I feel your pain hun 
ugh. finals. 
"no run today...     tomorrow, I'll take Lilly (the lab) and shoot for 7."
waiting to hear back from people I emailed... heading to work to do more transcribing... fun... 
@ronimom @AriaaJaeger Me too? I've been dropped too. Boo 
lovin' the song Let Me Sign by Robert Pattinson but 2 b honest it does sound like he's a bit constipated! lol..sorri Rob 
watchin marley and me cryin my eyes out....i think its time for me to get another puppy. i miss my layla 
my family stopped to help overturned car off of highway. Dad helped others pull both out busted rear window. Both beyond wasted 
isn't having the greatest night. 
Segway's have a weigh limit of 260 
@FrescoJ you went! was it stupid? the las time that I went to super jam it was jada and juvi didnt show 
Today my computer and I are just not compatible 
I played my PS3 on the HD TV downstairs today. It was orgasmic  Now I'm torn between this http://bit.ly/GnuZn and this http://bit.ly/R4S1f
Disappointed that i cant even search my own name 
"@beanhandmade love love LOVE the roboto tee! my boston is a little busty, so it's hard to fit her into shirts "
@yomcat gonna have to be a no from me sorry - i dont have the cash atm. 
@matt_is it's for tonsillitis and goes into my oesophagus...  very sore throat 
Stupid weather... Makes my head hurt  
I feel slightly ill right now I haven't ate since yesterday 
Kyle keeps farting 
tada home. well this means back world =P is everybody asleep now  boo
P.S. Just saw a video of Zachary Quinto which made me a little upset... 
leaving HI tonighttttt 
"hey beauties! im about to leave to go buy a new iPod, i dropped mine  ill be thinking of you all!"
@itwittfems canceled on us  he said next time for sure! but me @TsolairVictoria &amp; Riann are on a mission somewhere else
sick of screwing everything up &amp; being ignored  what'd i do wrong???
@jacobbundren that's what i'm thankful for. and the same goes to you. i'm gonna miss you when you move. 
is trying not to sneeze  nose is making a noise
im starving need home time  james you better not eat my spagehetti bologneise ( i know i cant spell )
OMG jus found out one of my friends since middle school died in a car accident. im so sad right now 
oops microsoft conference at E3 in 3hours and abit  will be sleeping...
"Can anyone tell me how to create a story from scratch on whrrl.com? Trying, but not succeeding. In fact, can't even figure out step 1! "
"Twitter background manager is really full of bugs, I cannot upload my background whole day "
"@YourSavvyVA Hi, Darcee! I'm glad to have my feet up! Now sorting &amp; tossing at home, to make room for my &quot;inheritance.&quot;  "
"@maryanntii Hahaha! Yes,like totally but it's extended to another 1 week right? "
Im waiting for husband to come home so i can go shopping. I hope he dosent rush - im not looking forward to fighting my way round tesco 
He's def getting in with the FIA  guaranteed himself a job for at least 4 months there.... http://tinyurl.com/kk749u
@FuckChrisElley hey i stay outta trouble 
 still undecided....wonder when im gona get a payslip so that i can finnaly make up my mind???
"@bhaven, @craignewmark, i literally just got home from 3 wks in spain, so won't be making it to bootcamp after all  sorry, just too wiped"
Jury service was a bust. All done and never got to serve on a trial. Goddamn guilty pleas mean my 2 weeks off work has been cut short 
i am not a fan of sunburn and chapped lips 
@KimmiHendrix thank you!! got your message about the bbq- sorry i couldn't make it 
"@TheHouseofMouse hehe, true!  but when you have kids, you can never have a nap. Just not fair "
@stevehealy also trying to download iphone 3.0 update 4 ipod but on slowest connection evr! will take about 4 hrs for 250 MB!! 
just saw the guy who screwed me over 3 years ago. He ended up making me afraid of getting hurt by boyfriends.  He sucks.
"So.. Our tire got F'd up and we're 30 mins away from our exit, and AAA can't help us  woe is me"
No burger tonight...  Pasta instead
Just finished the book my sisters keeper  can't wait for the movie tho!
So this is how Cinderella feels after she's been treated like dirt from her evil stepsisters.  To be honest.....I really don't like it. 
My 14 days of Spotify access from Germany have ended  #fb
Hear about the whales  was off twitter 4 most of yesterday.
 tried to make soup but my mommas tastes so much better... At least all the ingredients are cook properly this time
why do I always feel cheated when I've bought something technical? the guy at the store said &quot;samsung is better&quot; but now I want sony 
@MissSweetyD Too bad Hey Girl didnt make it 
I'm lost in the store! 
"Feeling insatiable. Now i have OS 3, i want 3G S - wont happen though- Germany's T-Mobile makes us wait one  yr for upgrades. "
getting back to office on a Monday after a totally unscheduled off is so .... err.... Sad 
"Nóss,corinthians perdeu "
"Outhouse Showcase went really well last night. Apologies to Ryan of 3.5 Private sanctuary, hope his computer works soon. "
my heand hurts 
"@calumvs  ooh yes please, only chocolate biscuits will cut it tonight though, am feeling a little blue "
@alistardean 
@PS3Attitude Can't DM you 
ugh  this sucks!
@dthschwartz I came by but no one was there 
I'm going to be working forever now and have now time for a social life after tonight 
no school for me today... this headache is a major killer 
@suanie rakuzen is not  but our regular jpn restaurant is....but we just had it last night!!!
"I think I only missed one person... Because she left  well, if I missed you... Sorry!"
so early  the kittten woke me up 15 mins ago and won't leave me alone
Still cant log in using a twitter app  i dunno why any thoughts??
feeling ill and sorry for myself 
"@Godfrey_G2da3 Yup, 5 exams and 4 coursework, kmft..plus my pratical nxt mtnh!  how woz ur driving lesson? knocked over any pigeons? :p"
did not mean to be up this early   going in to work in a couple hours
"2am, pounding headache &amp; i feel sick  so i'm off to sleep hopefully. had a good night at alex's, i'm in a shitty mood now though  boo!"
The kids found a gray hair on my head  Icky.
I finally got some medicine...still feel like crap though 
my sunburn is making me sad :|  :&lt;
"@jarekpastor I went to go look that up, it does look good! but I don't get G4 "
the weekend went WAY to quick 
@LaylaBeth  Only just met you and now you may be moving 
Monday is not a good day for a killer hangover to kick in 
i hateeeeeeeeee telemarketers!!!!! gotten about 10 phone calls today from them and its only 3 in the afternoon!! 
@kimmyT22 hope DOOL dosen't waste our CC the Goddess with bad writing &amp; storyline  glad ur writing something for her it sounds awesome
"02:30am, just got back from Newcastle! Again no connection in the building so I couldnt tweet  Sunday batizado was great"
@dddddaisy next stop fort lol I want another job I want more money 
hurricane festival starts today without me  i can not believe i am not going! fuck! faith no more! nick cave!... damn.
my twitterberry doesnt work 
"i stuck some marshmallows on a skewer and put those bad boys on the fire 'cos i'm not cool enough for bonfires, haha "
OMG McFLY WERE FUCKING A-M-A-Z-I-N-G THOUGH ALL I GOT WERE BRUISES AND WATER  xxx
@Shortpacked I hit an ENTIRE FAMILY of baby ducks on the highway about a month ago. Might be the worst feeling I've had behind the wheel. 
@blumchen OH MAN I WOULD BUT I'M FRESH OUT   
"@roguebluejay noooo, don't be a nerimon and delete everything "
Not looking forward to work tomorrow!!! 
Fighting with grass &amp; weeds in my flower bed..... I am about to give up &amp; let them win... 
Is sooooo sunburnt!  I can hardly walk! Hha
is so desparate o get hold of tickets for tonight now!  x
@DestinyMarselle eehh it's okay  @shenzy that's exactly where I was thinking holy mind reader
Saw the new movie &quot;Angels and Demons&quot; tonight and it followed suit with all other sequels... Did NOT do &quot;The Davinci Code&quot; Justice... 
"Virginia... up 3-1 in 9th, blew it and 4 score opprotunnities, bases loaded every time... 4-3 loss after 12 "
"Christ on a bike, Mary's forgetting what clouds actually look like! Also, why do Piccadilly Recs always get Chess Club releases in late? "
whoa blast from the past. I just heard &quot;you stretched out the box!&quot; on tv and it reminded me of Nick and I's conversation in the car.  ha
"@OkamiMars Feeling, even. Ugh, apparently I can't type. "
I have dryballs (dry eyeballs) again today.  Where's my Systane??
@katrinaamato I just caught myself doing a clapping sequence to Crookers and I was missing my clapping sister 
@briandowning yea you turd! Thanks for rubbing ur in. I had to stinkin work!  well have to plan a day for both me n Jordan to come!
I signed up for an account on a political website so I could post a comment but it isn't working. 
hates Mondays.....off to work I go 
"need my venom comics! THEY'RE VANISHED, DISAPPEARED.. ''POOF'' GONE! neverrrrrr! k, ima read Quest instead  .. its fun though, dont laugh!"
@esmeg cause of sleep deprivation maybe? 
Didn't make 45 min on the treadmill  only 15  will try another 15 later &amp; another 15 this evening. I had such high hopes for myself.
All I can say is: I'm glad I wasn't around and reading this stuff in 2007. It must have been CARNAGE. 
"how can i revise, without my revision? "
@CHRISDJMOYLES I'm not excited as I live in Wales 
@ChantalMatar can't tel if smells - I'm sick  no pain. Started swelling tonight. Just mild. No pain - she eats etc.
@almostfoodies sorry to hear   happy thoughts beamed your way.
Omg. That was sooooooo scary 
sooooooooooo tired i was suppose to come home and go to bed...... that obviously didn't happen 
@GMGDIVA139 yea sorry not gonna happen for me anymore 
@Media_Molecule Why are the ICO flickr pictures tagged with: fanart &amp; unofficial? Was all this exitement for nothing? 
headache ahhh 
@AKGovSarahPalin   that is scary    
"Wow at wall st. For the 1st time in a while, apparently it's just for weirdos now RIP (end of an era) "
Changing my billing addresses for everything....SO annoying 
My computer is about 2 crash... no more tweeting 4 me then. 
@pamelarocket I miss you! I just got my hair chopped cos the bleached bits were blegh. But the lady couldn't do it awesome like you. 
Back from Lunch with the folks ate too much again now i feel sick! 
jst woke up from a very long nap... i feel sick.. 
omgosh  SNSD's GENIE MV is STILL not OUT! What is taking SM so long T_T
@frannington  I really needed to take all my Pipettes bits and pieces down from my wall a long time ago.
the dogs are zonked on the couch.  one is dreaming.  she's smooshed against the other dog.  i will miss them. 
@gerald_d You are aware that I am Gambit aren't you? What did I do? 
@justinpaulcole oh shit sorry about your car.  is it a bad scratch?
"@dan_hewitt yeah man, still maining rog, actually going down to arcade my mate found on tottenham court road.. Getin bored wit rog though "
"I wish I had something else to do down here.  I'd prefer not going home right away. If there's anything cool going on down here, DM me. "
YEAH! Finally feeling better. Strep throat is no fun 
House-sitting alllllllllll alone 
Hates people that add you on skype sends you a weird message then dissapears happened to me 3 times  and also happens on twitter to ;(
I miss my baby @AntwanB83 I cant sleep but im really tired  this cant be good ugh! Im gonna be a mess tomorrow!
"@TokyoPro Yeah, I also wanna do a quick trip to Six Flags before the crowds man! I wanna go before we go to LA. "
Awake  Off to work I go.
@itsthegrape nice man... ive been sick for like a week and a half and lost 5 lbs..  no good
i'm just a little crazy student with a little bad habit .. 
@WhedonFanNews Aw! But they're so pretty together!  They'd prolly make not only pretty but GOOD parents too!
@speak2kate Appreciate the sun! Its the 3rd day of winter for me - no sun to be seen 
@etlalicorne I wishhhhhh  god I hate being old!!!
@jiselleroman it might be   i didn't know an end date for it
http://twitpic.com/61h5d -  twitpic didnt show my comment for the picture...lame!!
YT is not working  pissed
Worriiiied!! Hopefully my grampa is in good health. Que dios lo vendiga 
@maroon5 - thats weird  im eating one right now too. what sandwich? mine is tuna salad. I think they put a whole onion in it 
@highheelFIEND we aint get the chance to talk though.. 
So sad for my bronbron  And the lakers are stupid.
In concessions all week. Hopefully i can get back on track with my drawers. I don't like not being even. 
"is tired today but still has boxing to go to after work  Sometimes I wish I could laze on the sofa, but the thought of beastings gets me"
i have successfully chewed off all of my nails. now i don't have anymore to bite 
"Iphone OS 3.0 jailbreak... Any news? Using GM edition here, but nothing new from beta 5.0 it seems. I miss Cycorder. "
not looking forward to work or waking up.   Goodnight world.  I wish I didn't have to say good morning in a few hours.  sad day  
@stereophonics http://twitpic.com/6714p - I feel really emotional  Its been great seeing your pics and keeping up with you.  Gonna m ...
i lost my train pass in the city  now i have to get a new one which might take ages!
is home... for the summer... i want to go back sooo bad  miss you already..
damnman I still aint got out the car  hate to see this shit n this b like whn u see ppl u been wonderin where they been aint seen n years
had to leave #geekcamp to deal with a billing engine issue 
I wish I knew how to comment to people from my phone 
Sat in business and bored 
Baby no phat  - http://tweet.sg
is totally bummed that he might have to lose Uverse when he moves...don't wanna go back to Time Warner.  
@RCantiques @tomjudy Good Morning! sounds painful judy  Do you all notice anything that is selling better then other things
I think TweetDeck would be better with a systray icon like Twhirl 
@PortiaFendeman Yes. Prayers go out to those who may have lost their lives over the Atlantic.  I find it disturbing how people...
"Up early to watch the GP today. Dodgy hamstring is still dodgy, so I wouldn't have been able to run this morning anyway "
i drink coffee now and i get tired. 
I just caught the most painful migraine out of nowhere.....my brain is like 10 steps ahead of me....oy ve 
Whoever said Kobe was better then James... was right... James disappointed me tonight 
@t_nuh I miss you 
arrived at work with cough candies and coffee.  it's going to be a rough day for the stomach 
desperately craving a choco chip muffin...can't wait! damn the waistline 
Eating omlets Rick made.  Mackenzie you are missing out on Uncle Rick's Omlets this morning.  Raining today. 
R.I.P My mouth. 
Fully Gutted Guys Cant Find Season 2 Of True Blood Anywhere 
"` then they handed her a folded up flag, and she held on to all she had left of him. - miss you, daddy "
@mikelike I didn't go  I had work to do and I was so excited about it
@firefox just updated yesterday on my MacBook and now you keep crashing after 10 seconds 
@nicksantino NICK WTF I WAS GONNA GO BUT I HAVE NO RIDE. Boo 
Oh and forgot to mention. I have no voice. 
Hello everyone. Sunday. Bah. Weekend nearly over... 
"I'm planning my dream week in NYC, which is actually hard because I know it's gonna be a while before i can actually go on it "
wants to sleep but he still can't  http://plurk.com/p/11hrc7
"I wish I was cool enough to have voices in my head, but sadly I am not "
"@brettnolan I haven't read book 7 for a while, but I remember feeling the same...I wish there were more than 7 books! "
really wish i was going to IMATS  i want sum mufe goodies and brushes
@BlackburnJoshua didnt think she did that well on passions tbh 
@jesslina Did the sun come out over there?  It's still overcast here 
"@robynnnnnn be ashamed! just at the eurostar bit, i wanna go paris "
"@oranparker haha, I can mention you all day, but nobody loves me  @oranparker needs 5 more followers to hit 200! come on people!"
ahh how stupid...her i think 1st album is on itunes for Aus but she's not on the sanity or jb hi fi database  so i d/led 99 times instead!
"@joelmchale not me, i'm broke. "
shut up ktla reporters and let the lakers PA's talk! 
@scottishsteveo ow.  we all tolerate you Steve. &lt;3 lol =P
@sexdrugsrxr I'd be a beach bum best friend with you any day!! Damn bills! 
Too bad I can't apply my new fav quote into my life.. study&gt;joy 
@rockscottydont aaahhh!! i wish!!! i'm over budget already this paycheck though...so no gas to get therrre 
Interview today for a job I can't be given. Maybe time to switch professions.   Anybody need life insurance?
@faraah miss those days..... now I starve to death  9a7tain.
I didn't burn my hand.. just a little warm oil fell in me.. just that.. just hot  
23000 going into 100/200-25. Iweargoggles just got moved to my left with lots of chips. 
Just got home from the lake. Sunburnt and tired! 
"STRESSED.. I really don't like the feeling when I'm in school.. Still on the first week, but there are already lots of work to do! "
work..i don't wanna do that this weekend 
Hmm what shell I say... Where is my Mommy? 
Disgusted and sick!!! Disgusted at Hughes Net still no modem! Sick with stomach flu or something was up all night last night  
"Oh God, please please please help me get out of bed today... I soooo wanna chain myself and my pillows to bed and just sleep all day. "
hoping I don't need a new seatbelt. Pricetag if I do? $415 and a new effing car. 
"loving saturdays?! the only problem is, they have to end... "
@RachaelLou90 I love him too.  It's the whole rain scene that gets me OMFG I'm just like dead in it.  How I wish I was Nicole Kidman 
@BlondeByDesign ty....didnt know you had a hurt toe..  
sat chillin wantin the rain too go away 
"@Kakabel  Hi Gwen, Lou is not so gd this morning. The roller-coaster ride conts. "
NBA: If Kobe had done what Lebron did there would have been a torch and pitch fork parade from NY to Cali.  
@makesmilk so sad that a GP is anti breastfeeding  I feel sorry not only for his partner but for his patients
"gonna watch a movie wiwth mom, clare and daniel!! exciting...   daddy's in toronto   "
@HelenWayte you sound like me but replace cakes with drinking. I hate having an addictive personality. 
@dilloo3 I don't know. Still have so many things to do mameeeennn... PS mungkin ntr malem. Kalo lo kmn2 kabarin tp gue ga janji ikut 
I want to go but I need money  http://worship.cfni.org/
Toe still hurts a bit from being fumikomi'd on in Kendo today. Translation: My big toe got stomped on. Hard. 
@johncmayer aww I'm in Cali too bad I could be learning wit u 
"my swine flu result is.... NEGATIVE  but charles has swine flu now  get well soon charles, love you (:"
"@joseke7  awww i wish i was there, no wait, i wasnt invited "
back from my run...that was hard.  William is a freakin MAJOR PAIN!!  he's a meany physical trainer &amp; he's makin me drink water ×_×
I think we might have lost my dog.... 
@evanpierri aw man the one night I don't watch too  I love that fierce bitch
"crappy day turned awesome at work, only to come home to discover that my chico dog is sick "
okay so im officially workin for no reason again.....  and my boys are off and just chillen...lol
@adcoulter shrugggssss.. sorry  you still have time to convince him.
@staceyBEAR aw bby! 
i miss aaron so much 
"Ugh, so tired   Mornings and I are mortal enemies."
ipod froze up and won't even reset 
"Why oh why, Mark Feehily look so decent! "
Also 6 students got more %age than me! 
twitter super baleiando 
@jabbrwcky Poor things 
Dewi failed  I will get her tommorow
@parkynthecar @therealsavannah i wanna be there witchu 
"Ohh poor babies   too, too bad. U know it feels good to run around in pjays all day eatn junk food n watch movies ;^)"
is leaving Sin City today... ill miss vegas 
Twitter is boring. 
"Its a bright sunny day. Just wish i could play outdoors, but i'm all alone.  "
mad that i cant attend the glaminars 
working on this beautiful day. someone pls visit me 
First day of classes...hate being up early 
"@driph Actually, I don't know if it will work.  A low-end 12 amp mower is about 1.75 HP.  The garbage disposal motor is only 1/3 HP.  "
Trying to clear my stuffy nose so I can make it through rehearsal. 
Testing is overrr ! I think. I keep hearing something about some test for the sophomores  uggggh
Brought my car into the shop. Currently immobile 
Called out. FML. Being sick blows. That's money out of my pocket and more work and trouble for other people.  URG.
@GiantDuck yeah bro but u live up north  and I dodge bullets at dodger stadium u dodge #sfgiants bunnies at AT&amp;T.
@LMPDJs My computer won't even recognise I've connected my iPod 
"@mcflyharry heeey, don't make joke of your fans  HAHAHAH"
Sippin a Heineken and Tokin my bong.. tryin to get over the Cavs loss 
@Kincsem1874 Double ouch!  Sorry. 
@HollyTheHermit I think its all the fake foods &amp; chemicals we've made &amp; consume that have made so many people suffer for just breathing. 
@SOCHILITETIMES I saw that a while back...Phyllis was like a lot of beautiful women. Trapped in their picture frames. She was lonely. 
I think I'm going to miss #masterchef tonight... 
"@iSUCK hahaha, i had a fish once, i came home froms chool and it was dead - i swear my mum killed it and ate it "
I just broke my favorite cup/mug/glass/awesome device to bring beverage to my face: http://bit.ly/u3QgV 
"Bloody SkyHD box  Lost signal and so not recorded the Grand Prix. Failing every day, going to have to pay �65 callout "
http://twitpic.com/6hpmr - @KChenoweth &amp; camping do not mesh well!!  
dear @virginmedia why is my on demand being rubbish? i'm too hungover and need it to work 
"Gosh, this connection really fcked me up! Aah ga bs bbm dan browsing "
@mr_ratt ooh 12hr shifts 
Finally back at home settled in and ready for some sleep.....so not ready to go back to work  lol I miss the beach so much!!!
im bit off the day the big 30 
"@DJSkreamallpro -- yayy u laughed  i put the pictures on myspace, but i dnt have u as a friend "
At Sckoollllll...........Doin Poohy Test Top 
"@richardepryor I'm just going for the day, wish it was back to Cambs for good LOL, I don't like it here "
"Love y'all, yet seems twitter ain't fixed crapola.  "
"Ree_ree0123 bugger =/ they're not gonna read the texts  instead the play BEP song! &gt;:@ god sake, READ THE TEXTS !!!!xxxx"
Slept on the floor last night because my boy kept punching me in the face. 
I'm sick. I need my bby.  yoshi is annoying. Hah. Sleep I go.
Aww it is such a nice day.  Want to go out but must revise! 
"@catsuncle32 Blahh tomaytoe, tomaatoe *steals your spag* Theres no food in my fridge  bad timesss"
WRITING A SAD SONG... 
Is listening to Owl City's new song... I'm in love. I'm so sad I couldn't go to the concert last night 
I really wanna go camping. 
Tiff' Chan. &amp;We cannot afford Cue  http://yfrog.com/0vcyuj
I need to study. GP Articles/Math/Chemistry. GG 
http://twitpic.com/6tpzo - Skate Asia 2006 victory party. I miss this! 
Im So Irritated .. Im Not Getting Any Better &amp;&amp; i Got Things To Do 
I'm watching 21 grams....waiting for this kush to be rolled...unfortunately there's less than 21 grams of that. 
Said bye to VA  (for now) ...back in Greensboro (temporarily) &amp; Kansas bound tomorrow!
I lost my connection again! Damn it!! 
i always alone at the satnite 
great week for him to lose his phone 
Going to sleep even if I wasn't able to JB my iPhone 
"Great vacation with my bud Angie in Houston! Now I'm anchoring the 5,6, and 10. Annnd catching up with twitter....I know, finally "
"@iLoveLyci mannn i been lookin EVERYDAY lmao i had 2 interviews this morning, im burnt out yo  craigslist has nothing.. i b on there lol"
Soo hot last night!couldn't sleep 
I hate hate hate Target on saturdays 
"Working on my newest story, I hope, I really do not feel well. "
@PluginID I'm sorry to hear that  I hope the day is a nice celebration of her life xo
"I'm on a boat...no, really...I'm on a boat! No mermaids. "
frase del dia de ayer  domingo )  My mouth is dry ....Forgot how to cry
"Plan for the next three days, finish these costume comissions!!!!  Can't post pictures to show you guys till after their competiton "
I can't find my phone 
Need to take a long vacation (Thailand) but can't afford that now as I would need a &quot;stimulus package&quot; first.  
@ariapro welcome to gay life. with lesbians it's worse honestly. they don't really talk to each other at bars. super cliquey. 
"@domipheus Good for you! I tried to here, but (!) as it's a holiday, people went mental and got all the yum stuff before i got off work "
heyheyheyheyehyeyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy noo tokio hotel tshirts im friad omg shame 
Tummy bugs are lame! Got about an hours sleep if that. 
why can't be just at least 70 degrees at my house?!! seriously it's june i don't think that's too much to ask for 
@SmileJustBcause hahaha no i missed my chance to go to isreal  ...i'm going to honduras though in 2 weekss
@ron_d_aron xoxoxo I cannot direct you for some reason xo 
"I was supposed to go to Crash Test Drama tonight, but I'll need an early night. I think I have Monday 'flu    http://bit.ly/rMTOX"
dont want to go to school today 
"headache, all day "
omg its raining!? 
Construction worker's last day.  Better make a move soon...
"@nianiababy NOT SURE, I THINK IM SELLING MY VOX EQUIPMENT "
I miss my bed already 
"Ugh, got a stomach ache when i'm trying to sleep! "
"I just got lost, ended up at a white hen to get chips and he made fun of me "
Off to bed now. I sure hope I can get some sleep... 
No 2.dog allowed 
@ceciliabedelia i know so lame 
Why can't I ever sleep past 7? 
Wish it was 9 so I can get outta here (walmart) 
@greenspongebob thanks &lt;3  i'm about to do my homework! but i'm so sleepy   so what's up ? what time is it now in the UK ?
i'm so stressing out here!!... this Oliver! script is sooo hard to learn  x
@N4UPD oh sure tell me how to &quot;make an iphone &quot; and you have a real iphone  lol  *hates verizon/alltel *
Glad I checked Twitter before leaving for Tech Meeting...  I didn't know the guys had finished school.  Always last to know lately thx 
"@florianseroussi Nope. Like Sheryl, I have to wait "
@Chaoticshimmer She wont let me try it 
@RealWayneRooney  I wish i was the 3001st follower 
"Got woken up by his mother at 10:15 moaning about how I get up late, now i could of easily got up at 12 today if she hadn't woken me "
I went to Smokes Poutinerie and got a huge ass sticker. Out of rootbeer  @poutinerie @snanibush @Gecko85 @thejiu  http://twitpic.com/7inlk
@spunbean why cant i download music 
@Flyerscute  awwwwwwwww rest!!! im entertained! im heated but entertained
@gypsydancer13 wow girl look at that old phone in the pic! you look cute with bangs! HOW do you get the ringlets? not like I can do it  ha
@MashUpNicole I still have an hour. 
@McBesty monday is usually a working day? 
"@nina_nina_nina so whats new? ive been chatting w/ JJ on facebook, but no word from u  lol"
@imsuperhuman i still can't find David 
What finals are tomorrow? My internet is down  http://bit.ly/12cm8t
"@MommyMelee oh no   thinking of your mom, and sending very bad karma vibes at that dermatologist."
According to See &quot;Tickets are in stock and will be despatched shortly&quot;.. but I want them now... 
"@masqueradelife Haha, I would, but it's my brothers birthday, so I can't "
is still here. and her eyes are getting heavier...i'm starting to regret my decision already 
@Mr_Trukit0 me senti vieja eso si 
@jenniee_bean miss you!  you and livvy can come stay at mine over summer one weekend too! 5 weeks and 6 days needs to hurrrry! xxxxx
@Twisuz sorry   what about tylenol
140 Limit #@!!*##@!! Even twitter hates me  karen
Had a great time at the rehearsal and is excited for Mike and Niki tomorrow. Really missed my wife today though. 
Saw a guy in wal mart parking lot in old school pens gear. I screamed go pens at him and he looked at me like I was crazy 
@kirsten_m  sorry I missed your response to availability  I am still figuring out twitter
@4everBrandy when are you coming to germany... maybe you will notice me if i mail this like 100 times  sad face --- asked like 100times...
Have about 104 sums to do . So less tweeting 
@unmarketing oh man...I had a serious snicker's blizzard craving a few days ago..no DQ in my town 
@gossipgirl In Italy we r still waitn for second serie 
@shaunjumpnow i loose a follower a day  mabey coz my updates suck haha
"Pray for the families that lost loved ones today and the ones injured. 4 people died, 70 injured in the train collision in DC. "
I FN hate dell. I miss my mac 
yet another freezing morning. 
"@kristarenae sorry I've been half AFK all afternoon, and I woke up pretty late  I'm sorry, I also just checked my phone now."
topmodels todays ;)!! but i should learn for school 
"ya rabbi.steam train oh steam train, why are u so expensive to ride?! "
Is remembering what it feels like to be single and is very very very sad. 
@Chase_Fowler. Pray please.  my other grandma's in the hospital and only has a few days to live.... 
btw ian watkins has stopped following me  so i am a wee bit pissed off!
OMG. I'm so bored with nothing to do here at home. 
should be on the lake right now! not work 
@nicolerichie i am beyond sad she passed... i feel like a bit of me vanished.  rip.
@MayerHawthorne yea movie prices are crazy!!! i paid around 12 bucks last time i went 
@kairit problems with the hotel bill 
At the star trek event down in Philly. I hope johnathan is going to like it. He didn't even know what live long and prosper was. 
"I'm off my crutches finally, still got the brace though "
Learning 4 accounting on ths miserable day in durban. I nd a holiday 
so my day has definitely gone downhill 
"@jskaphobe Haha, awesome. The shower couldn't wait though. I changed the litter box as well, which ruined the lemon smell "
Tired...waiting for my baby to get here.... 
@xcaix wish i was there 
at the work place...wish I wasn't 
@hatchduffy It always my fault. I'm not trying to change the pic again for a bit. Maybe get someone else to do it for me. I break things 
i really wish twitter would let me update from my phone 
" - I feel irresponsible and sort of horrible. Marshmallows, unless otherwise stated, have gelatin. fuck... http://tumblr.com/xl21pafgm"
@lorloorr making me jealouuuuss 
@MariahUKFan lol ok man you sleep ALOT! Lol ya im good so happy that maddie and me got to talk but a little worried for queen  shes sad
Why is it when I get a good buzz going I get the worst ringing in my ears? 
getting a new phone today. i'm gonna miss the blackberry 
Is eating dairy milk and watching big brother and not looking forward to sleeping in tent tonight!! Haha tis cold 
@RopeMarksMuse Yes right next to the one of my dentist 
"@youngscolla Definitely didn't mean to send that first one! Lol... Aww, I miss my blog. I wonder how its doing "
@KristinStewart omg u are like ssso good!!! are u a fake or not?!?!? can u asnwerrr because nobody does here 
@Brad_Isaac Our portal is  built on top of Oracle Application Server. (Bad Choice ) We now can see whats wrong. Need a little more work  
 typo .... Let's try again: Happy Sunday! Watching &quot;How the Earth Was Made&quot; ...Palio Indians
michelle made me cry today  my heart of stone has melted away
"@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/7gowf - LUCKY GIRLZZZZZZZZZZZZZ!! OH MAN, I WISH I COULD BE THERE "
"It doesn't work  But still, today was a good day, I drew a lot. I only wish I could get rid of that everlasting cold! More than a week now"
still so sad after this day 
Drinking 80% fake juice 
Damn AT&amp;T on my nerves. Been on phone for over an hour. They suck 
Just woke up I have a long day of cleaning ahead of me 
Weekday stress replaced by Friday evening stress..... 
oohh..just passed the exit to bishan.  had to travel all the way to pasir ris though. wish parents are near bishan. *fat chance lor*
We're getting pics tomorrow by the totally awesome @bobbiandmike and I have NO idea what to wear. I'm not fashionable or girly 
"Gonna be a bad one the electrics keep crapping out, not good in the middle of printing a book  so far its the lights only."
@jjustsurrender too bad you don't have a research paper to write... 
"@kymacdonald actually, i don't love that at all...   DM me your boloco card # and i'll check it out (and make it up to you)"
The hot weather is killing us and the fur isn't really helping. It's really hard to be a teddy bear in this weather 
worst feeling ever   this succcckkksss.
"just got home from Sheri's wedding, very cute. congrats.. but what a wild ride to get there.. my poor car "
I told myself I'd give the #cafepressfail MP a one month trial: Day 3 and my trigger finger is twitchy. I'm think I'm opting out today... 
drunk yet coherent. i hate this feeling 
has so much clean!! Clothes everywhere  Torture!
"Hmm, I think my tweet failed? "
"meet in the middle is happening right now! i thought of taking my kiddos, but i worry about hateful people endangering my children. "
@baby_grrrl a million #TWUGS for you!  what r they doing to you?!?
I feel like I lost the ability to formulate really good stuff. Like I can't do stories and poetry anymore. And it hurts 
Good night earthlings. Happy Mother's Day!  Its monday tommorrow &amp; school 
"@trishmunroe despite my desire for a laker victory, I'm sorry it has ruined your Tuesday plans  "
@chrispetescia  Feel better. What happened on Saturday? Any weird filming?
@JonathanRKnight Good Knight hun! Looking forward to ur tweets again! Hate that i keep missing out on the fun cuz of the time difference 
wants a new job 
"Aidan was great, he's a great little dancer,  now it's two grand, they make me cry "
thunder.thunder.thunder.BOOM! what is up with all of the thunder storms and rain in June?!?! i miss the sun. 
not happy at The Apprentice winner!!   #apprentice
is sooo not happy that i just threw my back out. 
@TenshiAkui whats your fave beer? Cyprian and I are big beer fans but NOT of the domestic piss water 
@akaTrent don't you wanna know what i'm doing at every second of the day?  haha
@DubarryMcFly My mum thinks the same + she wants diversty to win too lols. I dont want her too but im nearly sure she will.  xxx
@DonnieWahlberg Hey Ddub!! So sad I'm not there rockin with you Guys tonight! 3 more wks is tooooo long to wait!  See you in Cincy! Hugs
@taylorswift13 we tried to meet you at the palace but we got kicked out  we made cupcakes 4 u and everything 
"Anyway, time to get some breakfast and start revision "
@foolishpoolish My stone cracked when I put it under the broiler  still works for loaves though.
wants to visit dustin and give him a huge hug 
@johfloh no we didn't. We've forgotten the camera in the car 
"@rockish_pop hilarious.  ur sooo loyal, @dorkus_ would never thank u for that.howz u?"
Its laundry and playdates for me today.  Yeah   I think I will treat myself and download tons of pics of Robert Pattinson.
i die a little everytime i listen to the album 'fevers and mirrors' completely. 
is awake way too early... 
"Usha! I can't access facebook from college, why are we disgusting? I'm in tears "
my 43 quid lastminute.com Secret hotel at heathrow is surprisingly nice. No soap tho 
Today would have been my grandpa's 83rs birthday. 
@Steph0e  awww I'm sorry well there is always next season
today my feelings were hurt at school 
wishes she could be in london with her brother tomorrow. Stupd GCSE's 
Coast Guard Auxiliary paperwork... the icky part of the job 
...7:30 sucks 
Nellers JUST got off work. Her shift was done at 8:30!   another night ruined.
I wish I lived in CA so I could go to Rite Aid and get a scoop of chocolate malted crunch ice cream 
@russellkirk Come back. Please 
Gosh i can't sleep all I'm doing is being sad I lost her... 
this weather sux 
I GOT BOP! omg yeah. memoriiieessss. why cant they sell it in ireland? 
@Bytor2112 I need to go read the synopsis of that movie. I never saw it.   I'm sure your joke is hysterical though.
arrrrrhhhhhhh im annoyed 
can't seem to change my picture  !
is verry sad she did not attend church this morning.  however doing things for father's dayy. Bonne Fête Des Pères! ( Happy Father's Day)
Just got some bad... make that terrible news at work.... 
@theREALGiftedNJ idkkk....   i think its the same as this... dasmizzv2u
"If anyone lives in NYC and u got something to do tonight, holla @ ur fellow tweeter!! Bored out da ass!! "
"just woke up cuz i was uncomfortably hot, only to find out the AC is BROKEN...free trip to africa this weekend "
Hey @x17online and nooooow?   (X17Live live &gt; http://ustre.am/39qb)
"@WackArnold that's ridiculous! same with my mum  they bleedin us dry! if you're getting 11k rebates, tell your dad to hire me! srsly."
@HelloImPatz I can't aim on my phone 
sweet lord i bit off more than i can chew. closets vomited on my living room and now i have to clean it up. 
@ShelbyWu I can imagine  well it will b over soon just one more busy day
I put by skinny jeans in the dryer now they feel really tight! 
My boss said that its time for me to find a job! Any ideas? 
"Writing my research report, one of the many trials and tribulations of going to school "
@aschernathan Yeah... I suspected that  Used to be an uber-committed blogger until I burned out! Still - I can live with unpopularity ;)
Any1 need Dane Cook tix for the ATL show on Fri night? Awesome seats but cannot go now... 
@Carm823 tsk tsk... @ll217 your buddy called me HARD headed 
i have no idea how i'm going to fix things with me and landon! i want things back to normal but i don't know how and if that is possible 
"@danipossum I am afraid not, Bastien and I blew our eating food out budget last week!  "
One of my teeth hurts  buhu
@cranz I was the 4th one there 
"Leaving Trollstigen, heading towards Bjorli. Super-dissapointed over Trollstigen. Not spectacular at all   http://twitpic.com/3l2dv"
"@majornelson That's not cool, i want to play with them aswell "
@Ahhhteal No I don't.  And yes you did! Lol.
"@pervetastic I can't go through this again, I'm so tired of it!! "
@rsgunning nope - never got the call.  Maybe tomorrow.
@PaulaAbdul  lucky! PLEASE tell me your stayin on idol?
@bengillam women troubles!  what else 
Note: don't sleep with a fan on 100 blowing in you're face... U will wake up and realize u need to go buy meds cause your sick 
"@MissElizabeth Food allergies suck!  I became allergic to shellfish about 4 months ago out of the blue, and I used to love shrimp.  "
@MNC89 im in the office practicing guitar! wish you were heeere 
it makes me sad when I look at my phone &amp; see my yellow juicy couture cover is sorta stretched  maybe it's time to switch the color.
big brother is hardly entertaining yet!  looking forward to a lovely sleep tonight!
@jtimberlake it says the video is not available from my location... 
Who is stupid enough to walk into broken glass and then get a cut on their toe? Me 
Indonesia's tv shows are exaggerating and lame  that's why I watch cable TV. Lol
Just completed the Thursday Williams family jog... alone 
I'm a little tired. Don't know why. Maybe I'm coming down with something. 
@forgetcape how the south end gig going? I wanted to go 
I can't figure it out. I hand selected @Latinegro &amp; told him him he could have ONE chance 2 fuck me. Guess he's not into sluts.. too bad 
@jordanknight awww poor Jordan  take it easy tonight... a lot of Hugs &amp; Kisses! hope you feel better soon!! Love You
"The weather is beautiful in SF, why the fuck am I still workin?! "
@ChrissyD13 I know! They should just bring it back. I know the actors have moved on and stuff but still...  ABC sucks.
not feeling 2 well got a BIG headache n my job is sooo stressful..damn im so sick  i need a break 4real
@ItsChelseaStaub Awesome!! Can't wait to watch it!! Except I live in Australia so we won't be able to see it until next month! 
@lovesnewsmom That is soooo sad. 
There is a problem in the Spymaster game. Performing Tasks is not working. Crazy Stuff. 
Need a US proxy 
Is Revising  Stupid Exams 9 O'clock On A Monday Mornin :@  Singing Along To Mcfly As Per Normal! Haha I Am Gettin Funny Looks Of Nana :L
"first day of work almost done, no gtalk access  but apparently a bb on the way? 24-7 unpaid on call ftl, hope i can tether"
All eastbound main lanes on I10 at Camp Bullis are being shut down so Airlife can land at a rollover crash-per PD and EMS  (via @mmondo) 
Why do I have to water plants if it rained last night? They are going to drown. 
long shift at work today  
"@treece416 oh man, yeah I'm taking it with the lady you had  lol what is your FB url?"
 i already said goodbye to my besties @adrianacoffey @monicaramos427 @verooperez &amp; @paulettecolberg . las amo . i'll miss you  [ILY]
Tired. . . I want to get home 
my twitter looks funny  someone help!
Little crap raining on my weekend parade...    Worst of all.. no P90X today or yesterday.. stupid cold/flu!
I want to be downtown toniiiiight. 
Twitterrific hasn't worked on my iPhone in 4 days. Anyone else have this problem &amp; a fix? 
looks like a stormy one today.  i worry about the puppy being home alone and scared. 
"Comfort food for dinner. It did not, however, comfort me to the point of being able to breathe again "
Why does everything remind me of what I'm trying so hard not to think about? An old eye exam bill... Wow. 
@Leonormsilva sounds like fun there! 
#flylady which fell over in my car on the last turn before my road!! Now taking a spoon &amp; going outside to repot the plant &amp; get the dirt 
"I'm dreading tomorrow morning, my sisters and I start training for the lb marathon  altho we plan to run to krispy kreme. Haha"
Oh No!! good looking guy from Jeepers Creepers just got killed 
@RanjeetC I would LOVe to go to London! But I work too much 
my nieces are going home today.   it wasn't an easy job being a mama.
"Just got home from Pak n' Save, it was a looong day and I think I temporarily misplaced my cellphone!  Good night."
@michellecpa yeah mine is opposite TB works fine wout wifi but UT 
Is not feeling so great anymore hahaha. Not sure if i should drink at the lil 5 this year. Not cool 
@tommcfly ahhhh tomm!!! i just found out your playing V festival .. PLEASE say your playin T4 on the beach otherwise i will cry  xx
wahh... is this obsession... wahh! john dinopol!! 
Taught my last class of the year at Sharfman's 
It's midnight. Why am I still at work? 
@xSo_Dangerous  I wanna twitter at Chrissy. But I can't think of anything.  -Georgi (This is also my suicide letter cause I'm not crea ...
"@1Dee2 At the moment it's bright and sunny in Colchester, but I think it may be about to turn "
@RadioRah U havent texted me yet! 
@gigi4462 for me it means the start of the work week  lol
Now at home b/c @sidecar convinced me to bring the Wii over.... and dad is watching Band o' Bros. And it's hot and sticky. 
@Lisa_Marie713 thanks i love you. sorry for being such a bum the past few days 
My eyes are in pain. 
Danny Gokey is out  sad...sad..sad...  
I hate when I've been away from my phone for a while and I come back and don't have any messages or missed calls.... 
would only see Pretty Wings to one girl in particular 
@fuckn_koda awww you were?  next time! I'm supper sick right now!
@surgeAA we went to the MTVs this year I think it was.and no one screamed for them when they arrived  SO we did tehehee!yeah that was it!
"@angel_face2 Hey girly, Jaden is being bitch to me  she wont talk to me anymore."
I hate remix..they make good old songs unhearable 
@nicole I think I ended up playing against you. I think I made a mess of it. 
Wishin' @SkywayAvenueXx the best of luck right now! I know how effing frustrating Math is...  ily - Wishin'
not even sure what freaking happen but all I know is only the first paragraph is left.    I think I'll cry now.
@_Mr_Blonde Hear hear.  I hate that. 
@iam_Casper82 too bad! i'll try to check Anoop's board later. I was not able to log in last time I visited 
Still up.. Feelin some type of way 
LAST MINUTE CHEMISTRY REVISION!! EXAM WEEK starts TOMORROW 
id much rather be with @alexasaysso and @ohmisshaleyann instead of at work 
#iranelection everyone is getting all hulk on twitter and im scared of radiation 
too hot &amp; bored in work already 
missing Sonar this year  feel left out.
in english class 
got abused by some freaky lady on the train today. mum says i need to report it 
ok...am i java rookie...i knw...bt i hope ds openCMS docs make some sense 
"@mariefrance_090: tsssss! at least you can, i have an exam!!!!! "
@CCTjoh I don't think I can afford to win a iPhone 3GS from #squarespace today. 
 nip/tuck has been cancelled.
"Goodbye, long hair. Things were just not meant to be.  "
@ceekaigax did he pure shout at u ? aw coz i feel so sorry for u :-| i was like o god 
Takin the kiddo to the doctor. Never good when there is fluid and blood draining out of his ear 
@hepxxx i missed you too  x
"@wxcenter oops, guess its not Lake Michigan. "
 how can someone hurt someone soo much ........aspecially to family!!!!
lots of little things built up and made today quite crap 
"Ive got a headache  Is it the resin? Or dancing like a loon to George Micheal? I fear, fellow twitsters, it is the latter"
Hi hi!  Not been online in days.  Weekend was awesome.  Vicki has left now  Going to watch TV with the parents.  Yep yep.
@selenagomez SEL DO YOU HAVE FANMAIL ??? 
@Julia_13 that's horrible 
On the way to zen buffet! no crabs I think 
2 more hours of work in hell...then 2 hours of rest...then 5 hours of work for the Evil Empire known as Wal-Mart.  Sunday is shot. 
Finished work. Another shift tomorrow 
Cranes have replaced the lovely £1000+ classic teles and jags in the window with a bunch of £100 Hudson guitar/amp packages  #creditcrunch
Some of you might notice there's a big missing block of time.  Some of you might know why.  Nothing more to say. 
@anca_foster yes  People from B&amp;H need a visa for every EU country #zebalkanictweetup
too bad Lebron   LAKERS All the way!!! LisaMM
"Back in work, birds are singing, I fancy a horizontal fitness workout tho :-p no women here tho  booooo"
"has woken up feeling like crap,so is going back to bed for a while "
"@AmysFinerThings I'm so sorry, Amy.  Praying for him and your family."
@gillian_orr but I wanted to look like river phoenix '91! Bet he didn't have mitzi putting dry shampoo in his hair in a hotel lobby. Mehh 
@carlyshug haha I ate all mine  love you!!
@brodyjenner http://twitpic.com/6ryep - Lmao!!! Oh that's horrible 
@PhillyGG aww...next time  be careful...they hunt people out there..and watch out for andy reids kids.
@DonniesBahamama I don't live in Hawaii infact I have never been 
I really hate that it's already Sunday...next week is not going to be fun...   
I am so stressed! 
i think i broke my ubertwitter 
@SongzYuuup you betta be in a comma...you have been pretty quiet today... 
starting the morning with some tears  http://bit.ly/5NMvY
"Whew! Done with photos for tonight. Man, I need photography help. "
@thecurtishotel: Do you know anyone looking for an advertising/marketing person? I'm looking for a job. 
@JamesonLink we miss u too jamie! Like really really bad 
FINALLY HOME!!! Looooooooooong day = NO FUN 
"It seems there was a bit of a bumblebee cull last night, saw about 5 dead ones this morning. "
Working all night 
"@jacquemonique You're telling me! As if it wasn't bad enough that my arms hurt from the shots today, but now my foot is throbbing too! "
@xxkathyxx haha that's what I am eating right now. I wish I could give you some... 
 aww i already did
"Its sooooooooo not funny when I have to move from computer to computer to render and draw. Come on, Revit! AutoCAD was never this bad. "
@melissajeskie why are you angry? 
Two bright stars from Oklahoma (my home state) are gone today 
Perfect day to be lazy + I hafta work    ugh I need a new job
"@kittykata I forgot the joys of having a cat bring dead stuff to the door! lol. Our cat used to bring home bats, birds and wee tiny mice "
@Leslieasullivan oh  so is everyone I know honestly 
@vuboq good to know. But I think a blank memory chip might be just as sad 
Bouta catch sum Zzzzz's gotta work @ 6AM 
sitting at home chillin bored 
"rain rain go away, come back another day. BBQ plans scuppered "
Heading off to a Cub Scout Planning meeting. I'd rather play outside. 
@jodimullen ick  how long is your commute home?
Iranian state radio confirms the death of 7 people/protesters 
Jason and I been plannin 2 watch Transformers 2 since last year...nw d muvi's openin d8 getin nearer i myt see it alone... 
@tiffanysvaughan I'm afraid to go outside myself!  Totally nasty weather. 
Off home today. Getting the train from Birmingham to cambs. Then revision for 9am Media exam tomorrow 
I feel so lazy but i cant bring myself to get out of bed because that means homework time 
@xTeamMiley i have asked melody about you and your netlog page she said that you gone 
FML...im broke as a joke and the joke ain't funny at all 
@DonnieWahlberg it was a great show but sad to have missed Sexify  was hoping u would at least do it on the main stage. Can u at Holmdel?
Is in so much unbearable pain... 
My semi-new jacket had something paper-y in the pocket. Thought a stranger left money in it at the store. It was a week-old train ticket 
I'm so worried 
"I don't wanna share my car stereo or my Zune with anyone. But my bed, that's a whole different story. I'm so loney... oh so lonely. "
chill w/ marika. concert over... aswell as alot of things... Seamus the fish died 
"Im basicly scared out of my fucking mind right now, hearing strange shit in this school by myself cutting shit  fuckk"
@michele1993 awwwwwwwwww  yeah maybe hmmm 
@JeffTheMidget  I think they'll all be gone by now
@Facenaughty sighing along with u  People need to develop thier talent before they get manufactured and mass produced 
Gutted than mr alan is no longer with us 
says God please i hope it doesn't brownout...i'm burning my files  http://plurk.com/p/wy5za
"@ChazElite nah, i really can't afford it to be perfectly honest. it would've been fun tho  i'll just have to watch it on TV!"
@TearlessPoet hmmm really??? that's weird idk about that one  sowwy
Mall with mama dukes and brother. Last minute NY shoppin'. Still have my song and dance to get down pat! I am so screwed 
@HAYLEY0614 i know it makes me depressed that i live here  no one even cares about it.
Fail  I need a new straightner...
believes that @MrHudson Everything Happens to Me is so my life today 
"Relaxing at home, I want to read eclipse but I have a head ache "
Made some eggies in a basket. Watched my dog chase her tail in the yard. it's cute until I realized it's because she is lonely out there 
@freddurst i am! but she doesnt feel the same 
Don't wanna leave a bah 
hate when puppies get sick 
@lealta awe boo 
I'm headed back in my cave. Still feeling sick 
@k3llyb4rry You did. Goodbye free starbucks. 
My tummy does not feel well today. 
tired of all the rain... gods must be crying again 
"@crazedwriter As a Christian, it is very frustrating to know that many people think we're all like that. "
@Jillzarin awww im in high school &amp; i have 2 study too; it sucksss 
@aranger   down with iPhone! ;-)
I have a fucking infection on top of my foot and my dad forbid me to go swimmin coz it might get worse  but he doesnt know how crafty I am
Oh traffic court 
@tinymicroserf I broke it.  It was actually working earlier! *sigh* guess it's gotta wait till the weekend now.  
oh where oh where can my baby be? the lord took her away from me  good and sad song memories of year 8 camp/hike nearly died that day lol
is extremely pissed off because my mom took my phone and my car keys!!!! Seriously? I think she's taking this too far! NO CALLS/TXTS! 
"awwww Aiden, don't cry...u did good hun "
@DribbleWorld yeah - train is already derailed 
Had fun at the pool but don't know what to do now 
typing out reports. i hate having to be a part of another dispatchers write-up. 
ugh....tennis match 
Feeling sickish and bummed 
I seem to be developing a southern accent from working at the mall.  This makes me sad. 
now i have a headache 
The eagle has landed. By eagle I mean the sickness bug  I knew it would I suppose!
last day at college today  sad times LOL http://tinyurl.com/mr2b57
"goooooodmorninggg, was suppose to go jogging with my cousins but i woke up too late  CS!"
"@MythosEngineer  Drink some tea, wrap yourself in a blanket, whatever. Just get better."
Work Tomorrow  x
http://twitpic.com/7q6x2 - Anybody Lol 
"ugh, like 5 porn spam bots started following me this morning. why can't i get any REAL people to follow me? "
@jen729 I told him I couldn't go to his party. Felt bad 
I thought today was for sure the day i was going to sleep in!  
@iswimforoceans no  she was telling me all about it in like insane detail. So not good..
@selenagomez Follow me PLEASE! I'm from Romania  I'm a biiiig fan of you and I really want to talk with you but Idk how  I'm so sad 
@EllaPaigeBabe hi babe! how are u? why didnt u come online since ages?  u just tweet once in a whole day! u used to be more on a month ago
Sad making! Bought Guitar Hero Metallica for my hard working soldier and it is not reading disc! 
I open my eyes in shock... Thinking that today is a work day.... I think im too stress with work 
I think I have got mild toncilitis... 
"writing an 8 page paper that i just started. Well, after I read the 8 articles.........  "
That was the best day of my life. Held joes hand 2 times and held kevviiis once. But not nicksss 
@cliffski Imperium Galactica II was my very first experience with disappointment over an over-hyped game  Childhood sadness...
Can't wait for a holiday. I think Kit needs a hug  
@jesuschemistry1 I miss my monkey...  
@KendraWilkinson Sooo sad that i can't watch it because it's not airing in Germany 
Officially left San Diego  I love my friends @timizzile @vvandeva @lana____ @clarkdanger @claretastik
@JohnLloydTaylor Don't be sad please   WE LOVE YOU &lt;3&lt;3
I'm going to have a very numb mouth at mater dei's confirmation. I hate cavities 
"surely it's got to be the weekend now? think I'm getting to the stage of needing a holiday, weekends are too short, weeks too long "
@BRSDiddy Nope 
- Now my ex-daycare clients claim that I owe them over $400 and are going to take things to the &quot;next step&quot;. 
Why am I limited to only being able to sync with 1 MS Exchange account on iPhone?  ... same goes for Outlook. Why can't I have more? Lame.
Athletics Carnival was cancelled         State of origin tonight --- UP THE MAROONS! ♥
http://twitpic.com/7h3l3 - miss manchester and my uni friends already 
Working the desk at the gym for one of the dead shifts. Having to listen to tunes over and over.. only interupted by a gym user grunting 
"Need to get some signs printed for  a telephone number to go on our 4 sale sign, printing shop this morning wasnt interested "
Watching Real Housewives of New Jersey after a long day of reorganizing my stuff... sooo much more work ahead of me! 
@stephenfry I can only imagine   Overfishing is one thing that no one wants to look at
"Ohh gosh!! I missed my 21st Tweet!  Anyway, moving on."
There aren't many pictures of me towards the end... I CAN'T FIGURE OUT WHERE I WAS FROM 10:30pm-1:30am on Saturday night! 
@Warlach  bastard.
I'm trying to survive this crazy heat 
"@teamjennasea Oh, sorry to hear that.   We'd like 2 help. U can contact our Customer Care team: http://bit.ly/10vZNo or DM me ur info."
wonders why a person just can't depend on some people!! 
I can't forgive myself.. What can I do now.. 
@Vogelsong je viens de voir thanks ! #boulot 
"twitter, why won't you send updates to my phone? and why won't I sleep "
needs to study on a sunday. 
"@LoBosworth I'm looking forward to 'Up', it's not out in the U.K till October time though.  You'll have to let us know what it's like."
My chest hurts when i breathe 
"@Fuzzie_74 Alas, I fear all the lamingtons in the world could not save me "
-- jon &amp; kate plus 8 on monday might make me really sad  ... stay together for the kidssssssss   
was going to sit on the sun today but its disappeared! 
@millamanilla i need to go to the computer lab tomorrow though! 
@migsmusiclover Mary Mount.  She transferred. She's part of Veronica last SY. She's so sweet. Imissher badly. 
@DanielJose i got out of chapter at 1 so i didnt bother calling... lol 
"I havent updated in over 2 weeks. wow. sorry  Just having 2 much fun w. summer. It's wayyyyyyyyy better than school. Goin 2 forks, WA :o)"
Im not even up yet and my day is gone...well at least i get to see them hawks tonight jus hope it dont rain 
Dammit got up this morning hoping for a 3.0 software update but alas no update was available 
@third_engine :O some cunt outbid me by a second on the watch me sink have heart shirt  i got the maroon something more than ink shirt tho
Hanging on the couch while the boys write in the office. Out of wine and beer 
My calves still hurt from kickboxing on thurs and wearing heels out last night  sigh. Time to get out of bed for dance workshop at HKAPA!
@lilangel221 sorry to hear it T. 
"Yay! Back home early, but the sods will no doubt make me work from home "
Clouds are back.   But I'm looking forward to a fun day with my hubby at home!
I hate videos in YouTube that has no english subtitles. I couldn't understand a word. 
"@xxTylerxoxo I wasn't cheating.  I was just looking at Paul admiring his...assets. LMFAO. But I love Jacob, don't worry. He knows it. &lt;3"
@rockyvotolato i miss you toooooo  
i feel like crap today 
"Hmm. Makes me wanna edit a picture of my sister with a twin. Problem is, I don't have an editing software. It's all expired. "
"@katetribe ouch thats sucks!! have had it happen to me so many times  or you cant find the mistake, thats worster "
@koolcreation  :'( damn
@nickcarnes our printer DIED last week.  I miss it.
no more i love yous 
"@xhayleyway yeah i told him and he wanted to leave me alone i told him no cuz he cheers me up, im tryinnnn! filasdhfkshydfks  "
@StaceyMonk Hey you!! I had to opt out at the last min... New &quot;Gig&quot; has me in the MIX   I wanted to hug on you too sweetie!!
@marsherlin exactly!!!  sg sucks!
"Thats it,break time over.Got2go bk2wk now. "
I haven't heard this 'Abbey has Swine Flu' song 
doc rivers was in my store today and i wasn't there 
@motherpusss ignore kirby... It did that when I made a sad face? 
@mileycyrus awe I feel u i just woke up for school  hopefully we both have a better rest of the day.. &amp; I hope that includes meeting u lol
@ibeenz we were GOING to have DQ but it was too far 
Canvi de lloc instantani--&gt; Regent's Park [...] No funcionaaaaaaaaaaa 
Wish I could go to E3 this year  
I'm trying to stay awake till my little girl gets home from a girl scout trip to the lake - they are taking forever to get back. 
they cant do my cake because of the copyright on the picture of tom  bastards
@pault107 i cant hear the voices due to laughs and so I dont understand the prologue 
It's rather hot tonight isn't it 
@Sophcornwell whattt are you serious  coco electric was the biggest pile of shit ever
Doing a favor for one of my mentors back in France and then hitting the sack. It's late already 
@CheskieBear to go in their next live chat. 
The slowness of work is making everyone tense 
"i was getting like 10 followers a day on old username, now its 1 a day if im lucky  I cant find anyone with my interests &gt;.&lt;"
@RickeySmiley oh no! Is your grandpa okay? 
is raining tomorrow!!so i really dont know what i should wear!!  &amp; yeah 4. going to tha church &amp; 5.eating dinner at the brothaa of my dad.
Having a very difficult time trying to put a different picture up! 
When your dreaming with a broken heart the waking up is the hardest part 
Fb off 2 do some desperately needed laundering. Trying 2 get it in b4 the rain falls 
@ashleyfayce  Wo0w Gay! Aight watch thats all im saying
Packing up the store.....sad 
just realize that my phone quit working  can it get any better .......grrr
"Im so mad. My robot pendent i barely bought 2 days ago, fell down the drain  bye bye robot!"
Jeez- BNP have won a seat.  What on earth are people thinking? 
"back from vacation, 2moro back to work "
@Pragnendra m already logged in http://useqwitter.com/ but it didnt send notification of the users who unfollowed me 
@nikhilnarayanan wow! U are really making me miss home 
http://twitpic.com/85iu3 - THIS IS ME TAKIN A PIC OF U AT FLUID..I was so close to u but I couldnt get to u  then in a flash u were  ...
@besz you haven't tweeted emmy or emily in a while. she's sad  cries. grabs rocky road ice cream. emmy misses her besz ...
@favoritemelody how rude 
There's nothing funny or romantic about the Holocaust  #datenight
Looks like att network sucks again. No pandora at gym today 
"On the road again :/ get out of work then go out, I miss home "
sigh.... im kinda starting to miss my Dakkah Dakkah. too bad she refuse to even learn how to treat a nigga  le fucking sigh.
@AlexxAshes My reply is no 
@corbthfrog   Sorry to hear it
Is up with Lucy... Lil mamas is sick with fever and some sort of rash...   Yawn!!
i've never worked so much &amp; so hard in my life as i have in this past week! getting some sleep! up early for a long day tomorrow 
has a baby with an upset tummy  no school today on a big testing day  hopefully she will feel better for tomorrow
I miss my school 
"mad as heck that i can't find my keys, &amp; i'm not going to take it anymore! "
@MoocherGirl yes I did read about them but I am off to Cairns   will have to catch up with you all at the next ones
"Ok its official, I feel like crap.  Dunno if its allergies or a cold but I hate feeling the phlem at the back of my throat. "
@fatboy951 Why didn't you fly out of Ontario? From Curious in Ontario...and beers are expensive in the airport.   ~Michael~
@DavidArchie  Not Me David! I am stuck at Hasting for the moment!!   hope to see it later ! but I m sure its great !
"(A very, very reluctant) Attempt #3 at correcting sleep pattern.. Last attempt made UNSUCCESSFULLY a month ago..  Gud Nite  "
poor andy 
@jvanacoro I wish we could come 
trying to ignore my tooth ache till I see the dentist tomorrow 
@MyzLilith Oh no i hope it doesnt reach us today!!! 
is trying to sleep... ughhhh. 
@lillygurl I am here studying...  Beautiful day here though. And theres a wedding show at the Sheraton (Fairmont) today.
@rinism : &quot;My life's gonna be more complicated than it used to be my dear  exam's coming! Kamu kamu?&quot;
"@Jonesy1369  and I work Sunday so I have no weekends with friends now, but you work nights and that's even harder!  Stupid jobs"
Just going to bed  was up all night trying to get back into college. :/ If I can get in again I won't mess it up this time.
"Misses you, and you're not even gone "
"@juliaroy Is it the sanding dust, the noise of the sanding (hand or power?) - or a combination of both?  "
@memphisbarbie09 I wasn't invited 
I hate trevorr wiseman! He's so dumb.  He makes fun of me 24/7 ugh!   I hate when people are mean to me.
Been with O2 for 18 months now. In need of phone upgrade. iPhone comes to �500+ over contract life  Need smartphone with cheapo talk plan!
at subaru getting my car washed then to the grocery....still no internet or cable at home 
Is anyone out there?  Of course not... it's 4:07am.  I have to go to work early tomorrow and I can't sleep 
"@danawalker too late  I sent you the login earlier, just in case."
@PrettyBoyB so why u complaining young bucc ? Get a blaccberry !!!! Sheesh ! Iphones rrr eehh 
@littlesealgrl too bad im goin down the shore  my dads harvest just came in so im stacked on ounces
"@myroundbox I'll have the gameboy colour! Mine has been stolen.  (Not that I use it, but still..)"
Is feeling pretty down and doesn't want to tweet about #t20 
"Man, I'm feeling so overwhelmed today, too much going on "
Cavs lost  I'm really upset. I'm going to bed.
@akatzenbach madmex margaritas without you last night 
"@jellayz yeah  well its okay but since i'm already doing my hobby as a job, i feel like in my actual hobby time i should do other hobbies"
Community Gardens. If I had it to do over again I would have planted a cover crop. Will do so this fall. Which means limiting my veggies. 
I'm doing nothing instead of studying   
i had twitter for a month now and still can't figure it out.  
$85.00 is the new 15.00.... 
I want an E75. 
@Lauraft the mineralista didnt come! 
@dat_ass 
@darkheath Oh...*sigh* LOVED Firefly. And thought River was so cute. Wish it hadn't been cancelled. 
@Spoetnik I am very sad... 10 min in and it was sold out... I did not get tickets    Bastards! I'm sorry :'(
@JonasBrothers song &quot;Turn Right&quot; makes me cry  ♥
Federrer in third round but Maria out of Wimbledon 
i hate sleeping alone  i need to remedy that when i get back to the city. got to be a good kisser though bc nothing else is going down!
@saraaaaaaaaa_ we have needles tomorrow.  and get some sleep bitch. Goodnight
I do not feel good right now 
@wayway8 nooooo I'm not a lightweight  there was ALOT of liquor in my drink....
I'm so freaking tired of being in this car. 
No bread for my sandwich 
It is 5:30 PM &amp; almost 100!!  I forgot how HOT summer was   http://twitpic.com/881rv
Nite T-Ville. Be back in a few hours. 
One of my balloons popped!  But i got to it b4 all helium was lost! I sang a bit of 'Hit Me Baby One More Time' and its recorded 
Feeling worse about to go make myself some tea cause there's no here to do it for me.... 
@Emmycakkes I was just gonna take the car &amp; get both U sluts but it's kinda later in the afternoon and there's always hella pigs.oinkoink 
Mommy thinks i might be starting a fever. No bueno. 
"@deanoshoes Bad luck  I do the same thing when i have a bet, don't see the point of backing such short odds.."
"- Schoooool, this sucks ! i miss him "
Can't play Sims w/out my PC. The borrowed 1 is not up 2 snuff for the game 
work 8 to 3 then Tim's grad party... left book @ home... so bored 
i miss @meganvogt.  i can't believe we've already known eachother for seven years.
but anthony just left and now my apartment is boring again 
Day 3: sore and gritty 
@djcrystalellis damn ur at one sunset tonight?  last time I was there the promoter was a dick :/
"Mom said no to warped  I'm literally crying right now. This really sucks.. I ended summer school today, but found out I can't go to Warped"
"@bobbyedner ahha, i wish. but im too young  the law wouldnt let me.. i would if i could(:"
"roadtrip! oh wait, destination: Winston-Salem. "
@JonathanRKnight Have you seen this Video already ?? http://bit.ly/m04Hw   I`m still waiting for an answer... 
@DonnieWahlberg so sad I didn't get to hug you in person during my 5* in Toronto  So I guess I will send you twugs &amp; twisses instead!Luv U
dinner at 9pm isn't a good idea 
after horse riding. i am exhausted but i have to prepare for the final examination 
Getting ready for the road back to Warsaw   http://yfrog.com/72gzxj
hospital with otets 
